---
title: i18n | Kener
description: Kener supports multiple languages. You can add translations to your site.
---

# i18n

You can add translations to your site. By default it is set to `en`. Available translations are present in `/src/lib/locales/` folders in the root directory. You can add more translations by adding a new file in the `/src/lib/locales` folder.

## How to enable a translation

Once you have added a new translation file in the `locales` folder, you can enable it by adding the locale code in the `site.yaml` file.

Let us say you have added a `hi.json` file in the `locales` folder. You can enable it by adding the following to the `site.yaml` file.

```yaml
i18n:
    defaultLocale: en
    locales:
        en: English
        hi: हिन्दी
```

> **_defaultLocale:_** The default locale to be used. This will be the language used when a user visits the site for the first time. It is important to note that the default locale json file should be present in the locales folder.

## Variables

There are few variables that you you should not change,

-   %hours : This will be replaced by the hours
-   %minutes : This will be replaced by the minutes
-   %minute : This will be replaced by the minute
-   %status : This will be replaced by the status

> **locales:\_** A list of locales that you want to enable. The key is the locale code and the value is the name of the language. The locale code should be the same as the json file name in the locales folder. `en` means `en.json` should be present in the locales folder.

Adding more than one locales will enable a dropdown in the navbar to select the language.

Selected languages are stored in cookies and will be used when the user visits the site again.

There is no auto detection of the language. The user has to manually select the language.
